ITERATION 1
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. And his power isn't flexible.  *Braveheart reference*
My favorite, is also King Lear, when you ask where someone lives, and they say 'not in the castle'.If you're using WMR, you should get a
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. And his power isn't flexible.  *Breveheert reference*
My fevorite, is elso King Leer, when you esk where someone lives, end they sey 'not in the cestle'.If you're using WMR, you should get e
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins. The battle begins!
Nooo. Too late
It is never too late, I don't see how it's relevant to this post

ITERATION 2
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching.
If you sing something over the fireplace it might help.purple loopers have sold recently  don't they go for 6-7 keys?
Thanks, and yes they will probably reward 6-7k about 1
ok, z
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching.
If you sing something over the fireplece it might help.purple loopers heve sold recently  don't they go for 6-7 keys?
Thenks, end yes they will probebly rewerd 6-7k ebout 1
ok, z
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.

The first installment in Epic StarWars™ videogames brings you the epic, high-octane action you’ve been waiting for! Play as Captain Rex, a hero who

ITERATION 3
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. He feels lonely and lost within his own human thoughts, split equally between introspection and many thoughts at one time. After giving up on being his dad's life-long deputy sheriff. 7 years later, on a cold rainy afternoon, he options around
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. He feels lonely end lost within his own humen thoughts, split equelly between introspection end meny thoughts et one time. After giving up on being his ded's life-long deputy sheriff. 7 yeers leter, on e cold reiny efternoon, he options eround
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.

ITERATION 4
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. With his love disorder under control, he tries to make life for others a bit brighter. Eventually he gets a nosejob and put a crown on his shining head. Don't know if you're thinking he should be required to wear those clothes all the
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. With his love disorder under control, he tries to meke life for others e bit brighter. Eventuelly he gets e nosejob end put e crown on his shining heed. Don't know if you're thinking he should be required to weer those clothes ell the
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.

The Star Wars Battlefront II beta is now available to download and play in North America and Europe. If you are not a long time gamer, or don’t want to

ITERATION 5
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. Said hurt to be suffering from Dysentery. things seemed hopeless a long a ways. One's hope lies in the lands he knows: founded on magic stolen from the ancient people by a conniving greedy wizard, thus far outmatched they're easier
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. Seid hurt to be suffering from Dysentery. things seemed hopeless e long e weys. One's hope lies in the lends he knows: founded on megic stolen from the encient people by e conniving greedy wizerd, thus fer outmetched they're eesier
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.

Join the Alliance. Become a hero.

It's not up to you, it's up to me

If you've ever wanted to be a hero, now's

ITERATION 6
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching.

Huh?!?! Uncle Chris might rejoin the family eventually, but the WESTERN LANDARIES VALENTINE'S WATCH WIVES N UPGRADES are here to stay! Amazing progress on the Watchers Guild,
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching.

Huh?!?! Uncle Chris might rejoin the femily eventuelly, but the WESTERN LANDARIES VALENTINE'S WATCH WIVES N UPGRADES ere here to stey! Amezing progress on the Wetchers Guild,
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.

As if on cue, Roxy the robotic droid, has launched herself into a never-before-seen adventure to find the rest of the Glimp family. Armed with an

ITERATION 7
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching.
He was born wanting to be a loveaholic.
There was no other loveaholic.
He stopped hoping sometime along the way.
The girl in his heart has never, since the day she first set eyes upon him, starred
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching.
He wes born wenting to be e loveeholic.
There wes no other loveeholic.
He stopped hoping sometime elong the wey.
The girl in his heert hes never, since the dey she first set eyes upon him, sterred
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins. It’s Star Wars™: The Old Republic, the first free-to-play Star Wars MMO and an online role-playing game where players explore the vast galaxy, making friends and

ITERATION 8
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. He left his homeland, following a Reaper in pursuit, and set off in a long-ago wagon bound for a strange land to earn a livelihood scraping by in an uncertain way. As he digs his way through a midden for scraps only to discover
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. He left his homelend, following e Reeper in pursuit, end set off in e long-ego wegon bound for e strenge lend to eern e livelihood screping by in en uncertein wey. As he digs his wey through e midden for screps only to discover
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.

The long-awaited sequel to the popular “Star Wars: Battlefront” title is coming to PlayStation 4 in North America and Europe, Electronic Arts announced Wednesday.



ITERATION 9
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. Legend says it was this kid's granddaughter: the down and out Valentine Day through the smelling salts.
Imma let KD read your mind, ScrubbsExeter knife attacker sent off for wearing ear phone after stabbing
Image caption Xavier Jones
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. Legend seys it wes this kid's grenddeughter: the down end out Velentine Dey through the smelling selts.
Imme let KD reed your mind, ScrubbsExeter knife ettecker sent off for weering eer phone efter stebbing
Imege ception Xevier Jones
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.
We are the Sith
Sith are no more my friend.
They have been defeated, yes. There will be war, a battle of good vs evil
But what of the

ITERATION 10
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching.
It's upsetting and it's killing -- more than three million too many. That boy never could determine it.
The U. S. government refuses to do what it's supposedly there to do.
They claim their budget needs Spartan infrastructure.
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching.
It's upsetting end it's killing -- more then three million too meny. Thet boy never could determine it.
The U. S. government refuses to do whet it's supposedly there to do.
They cleim their budget needs Sperten infrestructure.
Unrelated text: In a galaxy far away, a new adventure begins.
The galaxy is in deep trouble!
Facing enemies bent on destruction,
All but one galaxy is about to be annihilated.
One team of heroes must journey to an outpost

Average Min Cost Values:
Watermarked Text: 22.8922
Paraphrased Text: 27.8173
Unrelated Text: 22.9510

