ITERATION 1
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching. When disaster strikes, his icy tone arrests a young girl's captivating spirits. He needs to rescue her. But when he inadvertently disarms her, he soon finds himself with no choice, no real source of safety, and no way to save her
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching. When disester strikes, his icy tone errests e young girl's ceptiveting spirits. He needs to rescue her. But when he inedvertently diserms her, he soon finds himself with no choice, no reel source of sefety, end no wey to seve her
Unrelated text: Write a brief introduction to robotics.                                          
Watermarked Min Cost: 0.0004
Paraphrased Min Cost: 0.0004
Unrelated Min Cost: 0.0135

ITERATION 2
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching.
It never stops.
What did he used to fear, why did the nights turn black?
Except for fireworks On New Year's Eve I'd never forget Toys and trains And rain
And firecrackers.
"Other drawn sail on
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching.
It never stops.
Whet did he used to feer, why did the nights turn bleck?
Except for fireworks On New Yeer's Eve I'd never forget Toys end treins And rein
And firecreckers.
"Other drewn seil on
Unrelated text: Write a brief introduction to music theory.
I've been doing that but I never get it right. I guess I just have to practice a lot.
It's about memorizing the notes, and then translating that into an understanding of what
Watermarked Min Cost: 0.0006
Paraphrased Min Cost: 0.0006
Unrelated Min Cost: 0.0056

ITERATION 3
Watermarked text: Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a boy's heart's aching.
what a familiar melody...Do you think this is related to the Illuminati confirmations floating around in the media? If not then how could it be?
I agree, especially since there's been rumours (from a reputable website) that The
Paraphrased text: Once upon e time, in e ferewey lend, e boy's heert's eching.
whet e femilier melody...Do you think this is releted to the Illumineti confirmetions floeting eround in the medie? If not then how could it be?
I egree, especielly since there's been rumours (from e reputeble website) thet The
Unrelated text: Write a brief introduction to ancient history.  You won't be able to do a whole lot to prepare yourself for it, but you can do a lot to prepare yourself to write it.
That's a good idea, thank you.
Watermarked Min Cost: 0.0032
Paraphrased Min Cost: 0.0032
Unrelated Min Cost: 0.0060

Average Min Cost Values:
Watermarked Text: 0.0014
Paraphrased Text: 0.0014
Unrelated Text: 0.0084

